Was Abraham Lincoln the sixteenth President of the United States?	yes
Did Lincoln sign the National Banking Act of 1863?	yes
Did his mother die of pneumonia?	no
How many long was Lincoln's formal education?	18 months
When did Lincoln begin his political career?	1832
What did The Legal Tender Act of 1862 establish?	the United States Note, the first paper currency in United States history
Who suggested Lincoln grow a beard?	11-year-old Grace Bedell
When did the Gettysburg address argue that America was born?	1776
Did Lincoln beat John C. Breckinridge in the 1860 election?	yes
Was Abraham Lincoln the first President of the United States?	No
Did Lincoln start his political career in 1832?	Yes
Did Lincoln ever represent Alton & Sangamon Railroad?	Yes
Which county was Lincoln born in?	Hardin County
When did Lincoln first serve as President?	March 4, 1861
Who assassinated Lincoln?	John Wilkes Booth
Did Lincoln win the election of 1860?	Yes
Who was the general in charge at the Battle of Antietam?	General McClellan
Why did Lincoln issue the Emancipation Proclamation?	To free slaves 
Do scholars rank lincoln among the top three presidents?	NULL
Did lincoln have 18 months of schooling?	NULL
Was Lincoln chosen as a presidential candidate in 1860?	NULL
How old was Lincoln in 1816?	NULL
When was the first photgraph of lincoln taken?	NULL
How long was Lincoln's legal Career?	NULL
What trail did Lincoln use a Farmers' Almanac in? 	NULL
Did Abraham Lincoln live in the Frontier?	NULL
Did Lincoln's Wife's Family support slavery?	NULL
Volta became professor of physics in the Como high school in what year?	NULL
What may be called Volta's Law of the electrochemical series?	NULL
Is it true that volta entered retirement in spain?	NULL
What did Alessandro Volta publish in 1800?	NULL
Is the electrolyte sulphuric acid?	NULL
	NULL
NOTTTT  FOUND	NULL
	NULL
Is Volta buried in the city of Como ?	NULL
Are Count Volta 's original instruments and papers on display there ?	NULL
Does this not make the zinc rod the negative electrode and the copper rod the positive electrode ?	NULL
HWhat happened at the electromotive force -LRB- emf -RRB- of a galvanic cell?	NULL
What was an Italian savant?	NULL
Who is most noted for his contributions to the theory of molarity and molecular weight?	Amedeo Avogadro
Who is most noted for his contributions to the theory of molarity and molecular weight?	NULL
Who graduated in ecclesiastical law at the early age of 20 and began to practice?	blah
When did he publish another memoria?	1821
When did he publish another memoria?	NULL
When did he become a professor?	NULL
Is it true that he became a professor in 1820?	yes
Is it true that he became a professor in 1820?	NULL
Was Lorenzo Romano Amedeo Carlo Avogadro an Italian savant?	NULL
Was Amedeo Avogadro born in Turin August 9th 1776 to a noble ancient family of Piedmont, Italy?	yes
Was Amedeo Avogadro born in Turin August 9th 1776 to a noble ancient family of Piedmont, Italy?	NULL
Is he most noted for his contributions to the theory of molarity and molecular weight?	NULL
	NULL
	NULL
	NULL
Who confirm that he sponsored and helped some Sardinian plotters who were organising a revolution in that island , stopped at the very last moment by the concession of Charles Albert 's statute ?	NULL
He is what?	NULL
The unification of Italy did what?	NULL
Was King Victor Emmanuel III there to pay homage to Avogadro ?	NULL
Is Avogadro 's number commonly used to compute the results of chemical reactions ?	yes
Is Avogadro 's number commonly used to compute the results of chemical reactions ?	NULL
Is it approximately 6.0221415 10 23 ?	NULL
Did the scientific community not reserve great attention to his theory ?	NULL
Does it not allow chemists to determine the exact amounts of substances produced in a given reaction ?	NULL
Was King Victor Emmanuel III there to pay homage to Avogadro ?	yes
Was King Victor Emmanuel III there to pay homage to Avogadro ?	NULL
Can the title of this famous 1811 paper be roughly translated into english?	NULL
What happened in french?	NULL
What happened in 1833?	Avogadro had been recalled to Turin university
What happened in 1833?	blah blah blah
What is named after him?	The Celsius crater on the Moon
Is it true that he published a collection in 1738?	No
Was Celsius born in Uppsala in Sweden?	Yes
Is The Celsius crater on the Moon named after him?	Yes
The Celsius crater on the Moon is what?	named after him
Had his thermometer 100 for the freezing point of water and 0 for the boiling point ?	Yes it had
Is the Celsius crater on the Moon named after him ?	Yes
What happened from 1730 to 1744?	He was professor of astronomy at Uppsala University
Are beetles insects?	Yes
Can beetles be found in polar regions?	No
Do beetles antennae function primarily as organs of smell?	Yes
What are the three sections of a beetle?	the head, the thorax, and the abdomen
Which defense mechanism uses colour or shape to deceive potential enemies?	mimicry
Which type of beetle is a pest of potato plants?	Colorado potato beetle
How can beetle larvae be differentiated from other insect larvae?	their hardened, often darkened head, the presence of chewing mouthparts, and spiracles along the sides of the body
What do beetles eat?	Some are generalists, eating both plants and animals. Other beetles are highly specialised in their diet.
What are the similarities between beetles and grasshoppers?	mouthparts
Are certain species of beetles considered pests?	Yes
Is a beetle's general anatomy uniform?	Yes
Are beetles endopterygotes?	yes
How many species of beetles are there?	350,000
When are sperm cells transferred to the female?	during pairing
What is the study of beetles called?	coleopterology
Is it possible that there are more than 350,000 species of beetles?	yes
Is the Adephaga suborder larger than the Polyphaga suborder?	no
Do carrion beetles eat dung?	no
What are prey of various animals including birds and mammals?	Beetles.
Who or what vary greatly in form within the coleoptera?	Antennae.
Are beetles endopterygotes with complete metamorphosis?	Yes.
Is there a thriving industry in the collection of beetle specimens for amateur and professional collectors ?	Yes.
Is the study of beetles called coleopterology , and its practitioners are coleopterists ?	Yes.
Can beetles be found in almost all habitats?	Yes.
Was Calvin Coolidge the twenty-ninth vice president?	no
Was Calvin Coolidge born in Plymouth, Windsor County, Vermont?	yes
Did Coolidge graduate from Black River Academy?	yes
When did he drop John from his name?	upon graduating from college
When did Coolidge meet and marry Grace Anna Goodhue?	1905
What period of rapid economic growth did the United States experience during Coolidge's presidency?	the Roaring Twenties
What did Coolidge do after graduating from Amherst?	Coolidge moved to Northampton, MassachuS08_setts
Of what state was Coolidge governor?	MassachuS08_setts
Who appointed Harlan Fiske Stone to the Supreme Court?	Coolidge
Was Coolidge the thirteenth President of the United States?	Yes
Was Calvin Coolidge Republican?	Yes
Was Calvin Coolidge a governor of MassachuS08_setts?	Yes
When was Coolidge born?	Plymouth, Windsor County, Vermont
Where did Coolidge's grandfather had government offices?	The town of Plymouth Notch
Which state were Coolidge born in?	Vermont
Is Calvin Jr. older than John Coolidge?	No
Did Coolidge get in Amherst College?	Yes
What caused Calvin Jr.'s death?	Heart attack
Was John Calvin Coolidge Jr. was born in Las Vegas?	no
Was Coolidge opposed in the Republican nomination for Governor of MassachuS08_setts in 1918?	no
Did Coolidge meet and marry Grace Anna Goodhue?	yes
What year did Coolidge open his own law office?	1898
What fraternity was Coolidge a member of?	phi gamma delta
In 1905 Coolidge met and married whom?	Grace Anna Goodhue
Why did Coolidge not attend law school?	cost
Have there been other US presidents that have visited Cuba?	no
What years were Coolidge's two sons born in?	1906 and 1908
What to be born on the fourth of July?	NULL
Who or what placed as high as sixth in the voting?	NULL
What do well - received and he have in common?	NULL
Was Coolidge more outspoken?	NULL
What emigrated from Cambridge?	NULL
What Retrieved on May?	NULL
They were what?	NULL
(NNP Harding #)(NNP Death )))(PP (IN in )(NP (NP (NN office ))(PP (IN for )(NP (DT a )(JJ full )(NN description )(NNP Vice )(NNP President )(person (NNP Coolidge ))))))))(VP (VP (VBD was )(VP (VBG visiting )(NP (PRP$ his )(NN family )(NN home ))))(, , )(SBAR (WHNP (WDT which ))(S (VP (VBD did )(RB not )(VP (VB have )(NP (NP (NN electricity ))(CC or )(NP (DT a )(NN telephone )))(, , )(PP (IN in )(NP (location (NNP Vermont ))))(SBAR (WHADVP (WRB when ))(S (NP (PRP he ))(VP (VBD received )(NP (NP (NN word ))(PP (IN of )(NP (NP (NNP Harding )(POS 's ))(NN death ))))))))))))))(. . )))	NULL
	NULL
Did Coolidge not publish his autobiography in 1929 and write a syndicated newspaper column , `` Calvin Coolidge Says , '' from 1930 -- 1931 ?	NULL
Is the genius of the average the most convincing proof of $ his strength?	NULL
What happened from black river academy , vermont?	NULL
Did France cede nearly all of its colonies in Europe in 1763?	yes
Is Canada a member of the OECD?	Yes.
Is Canada a member of the OECD?	NULL
Is Canada's official language Zulu?	no
What is one significant non-official language?	Chinese.
What is one significant non-official language?	NULL
In addition to Port Royal, where else did Samuel de Champlain establish a S08_settlement?	NULL
What was the Consitution Act formerly called?	British North America Act
Which countries established colonies in Canada?	France and Britain.
Which countries established colonies in Canada?	NULL
How has Canada helped UN peacekeeping efforts?	Canada has played a leading role in UN peacekeeping efforts. During the Suez Crisis of 1956, Lester B. Pearson eased tensions by proposing the inception of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force. Canada has since served in 50 peacekeeping missions, including every UN peacekeeping effort until 1989
What percentage of the population don't speak English or French at home?	28%
What percentage of the population don't speak English or French at home?	NULL
Is Canada bilingual?	Yes, it is.
Did Canadian soldiers win the Battle of Vimy Ridge in 1917?	No, it did not.
Is an official language of Canada German?	No, it is not.
How many provinces and territories does Canada have?	Ten provinces and three territories
What is Canada's national unemployment rate?	In October 2007, Canada's national unemployment rate is 5.9%.
Where is the most densely populated part of Canada?	The most densely populated part of the country is the Quebec City-Windsor Corridor along the Great Lakes and Saint Lawrence River in the southeast.
What is the largest country in the world?	Russia.
What is the largest religious group in Canada?	Christian
When did Canada have one of the largest armed forces in the world?	World War II.
European books and maps began referring to this region as Canada in what year?	1545
Is it true that it angered many residents of the thirteen colonies?	yes
Is it true that provinces have a large degree of autonomy?	yes
What arrived in Britain?	The first Canadian Army units in WW II
Are Canada 's official national sports ice hockey ( winter ) and lacrosse ( summer ) ?	yes
Did Mainland Nova Scotia not come under British rule with the Treaty of Utrecht    (: ; ?	no!
Did continental European immigrants not S08_settle the prairies ?	no
What happened in 1867?	Canada was formed as a federal, semi-autonomous polity
Are ducks in the Arctic Northern Hemisphere migratory?	yes
Is a drake a male?	yes
Do all ducks "quack"?	no
What animal attracts the most humor and silliness?	The duck
What is an economic use of a duck?	Meat
Who is Daffy Duck?	A silly cartoon character
What makes it more difficult for a diving duck to fly?	They are heavier
What are the reasons for hunting wild ducks?	Meat, eggs, and feathers
Do ducks forage underwater?	Diving ducks and sea ducks forage underwater
Do all ducks "quack"?	No
Is foie gras often made from ducks?	Yes
What economic uses to ducks have?	They can be farmed for meat, eggs, and feathers
What kind of ducks feed on land?	Dabbling ducks feed on land
What unrelated water birds are ducks sometimes confused with?	loons or divers, grebes, gallinules, and coots
What does the word duck mean?	to bend down low as if to get under something
What are some common predators of ducks?	pike, crocodilians, and other aquatic hunters
How does a Mallard's tongue work?	It uses short spikes to push struggling prey and other food down its throat
Are diving ducks heavier tha dabbling ducks?	Yes
Are adult ducks fast fliers?	Yes
Are ducks an accepted presence in some populated areas?	Yes
What types of unrelated water birds with similar forms are ducks sometimes confused with?	loons or divers, grebes, gallinules, and coots
Why are ducklings particularly vulnerable?	their inability to fly makes them easy prey
What are some economic uses for duck?	being farmed for their meat, eggs, feathers, (particularly their down)
What allows a duck to filter water out of the side of their beaks and keep food inside?	tiny rows of plates called lamellae like a whale's baleen
What expression is part of a conceptual framework for testing computer systems?	Quacks like a duck
Where did the expression "a sitting duck" come from?	In many areas, wild ducks of various species (including ducks farmed and released into the wild) are hunted for food or sport, by shooting, or formerly by decoys.
Is Egypt bordered by the Gaza Strip?	Yes
Is Egypt the most populated country in Africa?	No
Does Egypt have political influence in the Middle East?	Yes
When was the Six Day War?	1967
What religions has Egypt outlawed?	all religions and belief except Islam, Christianity and Judaism
What is the poulation of Egypt?	78 million people
Why does most of Egypt's population live near the Nile?	The only arable agricultural land is found there
Are there a large number of Jews living in Egypt today?	No
During what period was Akhenaten a Pharaoh?	The New Kingdom
Does Egypt receive the least rainfall in the world?	Yes.
Does Egypt's foreign policy operates along moderate lines?	Yes.
Since when has Egypt been a republic?	June 18 1953.
When were the Great Sphinx and the Pyramids of Giza built?	During the Old Kingdom.
What countries border Egypt?	Libya, Sudan, the Gaza Strip and Israel.
What is the estimated population of Egypt?	More than 78 million.
Does snow fall in Egypt?	Yes.
When did organized agriculture appear in the Nile Valley?	6000 BC.
Are elephants the largest land animals alive today?	yes
Can an elephant kill a rhinoceros?	yes
Are elephants good swimmers?	yes
How many living species of African Elephants are there?	2
How long may elephants live?	70 years
Why does the phrase 'elephants never forget' have no metaphorical meaning?	it refers literally to elephants supposedly having an excellent memory
How many living species of Asian Elephants are there?	1
How much do elephants weight at birth?	120 kilograms
What did Aristotle say about elephants?	the beast which pasS08_seth all others in wit and mind
Are elephant populations in West Africa generally small and fragmented?	yes
Is the Asian elephant larger than the African?	no
Is an elephant's skin tough?	yes
How do elephants communicate over long distances?	by producing and receiving low frequency sound
When do African elephants lie down?	when they are sick or wounded
How long is the elephant's gestation period?	22 months
How many species of African elephants have been proposed?	three
What are the elephant's ears important for?	temperature regulation
What land animal has the largest brain?	The elephant
Are elephants mammals?	Yes
Have elephants been used as working animals?	Yes
Do they prefer forested areas?	Yes
What is the world population of Asian elephants?	The world population of Asian elephants – also called Indian Elephants or Elephas maximus – is estimated to be around 60,000
What part of an elephant is very important for temperature regulation?	The large flapping ears of an elephant are also very important for temperature regulation.
Where was the largest elephant ever recorded shot?	The largest elephant ever recorded was shot in Angola in 1956.
Is an Asian elephant smaller than an African elephant?	Yes
What land animal is larger than an elephant?	None, the elephant is the largest land animal.
Has tusklessness become a rare abnormality?	No, tusklessness has become a widespread hereditary trait. 
Were the treaties signed in 1947 and 1948 with the Ukraine?	No
Is Finnish a member of the Baltic-Finnic subgroup of the Uralic languages?	Yes
Is the most read newspaper in Finland Taloussanomat?	No
Which Russian army general conquered Finland in 1809?	Alexander I
What is the life expectancy for men in Finland?	75 years
In what year were the "Games of the XV Olympiad" held?	1952
What body of water lies to the south of Finland?	Archipelago Sea
Name an animal that is growing in number due to recent conservation efforts	Golden Eagle
Today, are there more cell phone subscriptions than people in Finland?	Yes
Is Matti Vanhanen the Prime Minister of Finland?	Yes
Is the capital city Oslo?	No
Does it have a border with Norway?	Yes
What is the life expectancy for men?	75 years
What is the biggest city in Finland?	the cities of the Greater Helsinki metropolitan area
Who is the most popular rock group in Finland?	CMX
Where is Finland located?	Northern Europe
What is the weather like in summer?	relatively warm
Does salmon remain the favorite of fly rod enthusiasts?	Yes
Are there cathedrals scattered all across Finland?	Yes
According to Reader's Digest, is Finland best for living?	Yes
When did the first verifiable written documents appear?	Twelfth Century
What is the capital city?	Helsinki
What is the most extensively celebrated holiday?	Christmas
Does a large proportion of the population speak Swedish as its mother tongue?	No
Do women live longer than men?	Yes
What is a country with which Finland is involved in an international conflict?	Finland is not involved in international conflicts or border disputes. 
What is concentrated in the southern part of the country?	NULL
What do jari litmanen and sami hyypiä have in common?	NULL
Is it true that it has borders with sweden?	NULL
Is finnish culture indigenous?	NULL
What situated in Northern?	NULL
What ceded by Finland?	NULL
Who is the autonomous Åland Islands , where Finnish is not compulsory due to Swedish being the sole official language of the province . ?	NULL
Are Various sporting events popular in Finland ?	NULL
Are the people of Finland accustomed to technology and information services ?	NULL
Do 79 percent of the population not use the Internet ?	NULL
Is finland , officially the republic of finland (`` `` republic of finland ('' '' , or (`` `` suomen tasavalta ('' '' in finnish and (`` `` republiken finland ('' '' in swedish , the long protocol name , which is not defined by the law?	NULL
Is finland a democratic , parliamentary republic?	NULL
Was Ford a member of the House of Representatives?	yes
For how long was Ford a member of the House of Representatives?	Ford served for over eight years as the Republican Minority Leader of the United States House of Representatives
Was Gerald Ford a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon?	Yes
Did ford get an award called "Congressman's congressman"?	No
Did ford attend the University of Michigan?	Yes
What positions Ford played in the school football team?	Captain
What did Ford say about his biological father?	his biological father was abusive and had a history of hitting his mother
Who did Ford nominate for Vice President?	Nelson Rockefeller
hard	hard
Had Ford's wife married before?	Yes
Is Ford related with the assassination of John F. Kennedy?	Yes
Was Gerald Ford the 38th President of the United States?	yes
Did Gerald Ford serve as the Republican Minority Leader of the House of Representatives?	yes
Was Ford an Eagle Scout?	yes
What district was Ford elected from?	Michigan's 5th congressional district
How many Eagle Scouts were involved in Ford's funeral procession?	About 400
Which future Heisman Trophy winner did Ford tackle?	Jay Berwanger
Has another US President been an Eagle Scout?	no
Did Ford need to do extra work to pay for college?	yes
Have more than five Presidents lived past the age of 90?	no
What did Ford receive on April 13, 1942?	Ford received a commission as ensign in the US Naval Reserve.
Was Ford interred at his Presidential Museum in Grand Rapids, Michigan?	Yes.
Was Ford the last surviving member of the Warren Commission ?	Yes.
Did they not claim Ford 's pardon was quid pro quo in exchange for Nixon 's resignation ?	They did claim Ford's pardon was quid pro quo.
Does Ghana have twice the per capita output of the poorer countries in West Africa?	yes
Is English Ghana's official language?	yes
Did the Dutch build the Elmina Castle?	no
When did Ghana achieve independence from the United Kingdom?	1957
How many regions is Ghana divided into?	10
Who is the head of state of Ghana?	John Agyekum Kufuor
What is the dominant religion in Ghana?	christian
What are the two subfamilies of the Native Ghanaian languages?	Kwa and Gur
What is the weather like at Lake Volta?	warm and comparatively dry
Is Ghana in Asia?	No
Is English the official language?	Yes
Is Ghana's head of state John Agyekum Kufuor?	Yes
What does the word Ghana mean?	Warrior King
Who was Kwame Nkrumah?	founder and first president of the modern Ghanaian state
Where is old Ghana in relation to present Ghana?	500 miles north of the present Ghana, and occupied the area between Rivers Senegal and Niger
Who makes up Ghana's Parliament?	the New Patriotic Party and National Democratic Congress
What European countries established states in Ghana?	Portugual, France, Britain, Netherlands
What was controlled by Sundiata in 1240 AD, and absorbed into the larger Mali Empire?	NULL
Is it true that anecdotal evidence connected the akans to this empire?	NULL
Is it true that agricultural expansion marked the period before 500?	NULL
Is The Parliament of Ghana unicameral?	NULL
What was on March?	NULL
	NULL
Ghana 's spending on education has what?	NULL
Is all teaching done in English , Ghana 's official language ?	NULL
Are more than 100 languages and dialects spoken in Ghana ?	NULL
Did European and other : 0.2 % Religions : Christian 63 % , African beliefs 21 % , Muslim 16 % , Facts on People of Ghana , not access July 13 , 2006 More than 100 languages and dialects are spoken in Ghana ?	NULL
Is the republic of ghana a country in west africa?	NULL
Is the old ghana 500 miles?	NULL
Does the Gray Wolf share an ancestry with the domestic dog?	Yes.
Do wolf pups tend to have darker fur than adults?	Yes, They do tend to have darker furs
Do wolves leave their pack?	They leave their birth pack when they reach sexual maturity
What kinds of coats do wolves have?	Tough guard hairs that repel water and dirt, and a dense, water-resistant layer
Where do wolves have scent glands?	between a wolf's toes
How much do wolves weigh?	between 32 and 68 kilograms 
Why do wolves howl?	To pack members keep in touch, allowing them to communicate effectively in thickly forested areas or over great distances
What is surplus killing?	the killing of several prey animals too numerous to eat at one sitting
Are Gray Wolves native to North America?	No. Current theory suggests that it's from Eurasia
Is the Gray Wolf a mammal?	Yes
Are a wolf's teeth its main weapons?	Yes
Are wolves built for stamina?	Yes
Where is the largest gray wolf population thought to be found?	Kazakhstan
To what genus does the gray wolf belong?	Canis
When do wolves molt?	late spring or early summer
Why is it beneficial for alpha males and females to forcefully prevent other wolves from mating?	The pack tension rises as each mature wolf feels urged to mate
What type of tools do biologists use to capture wolves for tagging?	Darting and foot hold traps
Forward, erect ears and slightly bristle hackles are a sign of what in wolves?	Dominance
Was Grover Cleveland born in New York?	no
Did Grover Cleveland win the 1884 election?	yes
Did Grover Cleveland support women's suffrage?	no
Where was Grover Cleveland married?	in the Blue Room in the White House
What did Cleveland die from?	a heart attack
How many years after Cleveland left office did the U.S. win the Spanish-American War?	one
What did Cleveland's opponents say in 1884 to counter his innocent image?	that he had fathered an illegitimate child while he was a lawyer in Buffalo
Who did Cleveland run against in 1884?	James G. Blaine
Why did Cleveland want to hide his cancer surgery from the public?	because of the financial depression of the country
Was Grover Cleveland the twenty-seventh president of the United States?	No.
Is Grover Cleveland honest?	Yes.
Was Grover Cleveland married in the whitehouse?	Yes.
When was he elected sheriff of Erire County, New York?	1870
When did he die?	1908 
Who were Grover Cleveland's parents?	Cleveland was born in Caldwell, New Jersey to the Reverend Richard Cleveland and Anne Neal.
How many children did Grover Cleveland have?	5
Who lost control of his party to the agrarians and silverites in 1896?	Grover Cleveland
Was Cleveland born in Caldwell, New Jersey to the Reverend Richard Cleveland and Anne Neal?	yes
Was Cleveland 's portrait on the U.S. $ 1000 bill from 1928 to 1946 ?	yes
Did the Department of the Interior not charge that the rights of way for this land must be returned to the public because the railroads failed to extend their lines according to agreements ?	yes
He became chief engineer in the Department of Bridges and Highways in what year?	in 1894
Is it true that he married louise désirée lorieux in 1890?	yes
When did he marry louise désirée lorieux?	1890
Was Becquerel born in Paris into a family which, including he and his son Jean, produced four generations of scientists?	yes
Did he not die at the age of 55 in Le Croisic ?	Yes he died at the age of 55
What happened in 1896?	 Becquerel accidentally discovered radioactivity.
Is there a becquerel crater on the moon and a becquerel crater on mars?	yes
Are the Javanese the largest and politically dominant ethnic group in Indonesia?	Yes
Is Indonesia a monarchy with a presidential system?	No
Did the Japanese invasion and subsequent occupation during WWII end Dutch rule?	Yes
In what year did East Timor secede from Indonesia?	1999
When did Islam become the dominant religion in Java and Sumatra?	by the end of the 16th century
Does Indonesia have the world's hightest level of biodiversity?	No
Was Indonesia named after it became an independent country?	No
Why did Indonesia break off relations with the People's Republic of China?	anti-communist purges early in the Suharto era
Which spice originally attracted Europeans to Indonesia?	nutmeg, cloves, and cubeb pepper
What shares land borders with Papua New Guinea, East Timor and Malaysia?	Indonesia
What happens when the srivijaya kingdom formed trade links?	The indonesian archipelago became an important trade region
Is Indonesia a republic?	yes
Is Indonesia the world's largest archipelagic state?	yes
Is Pencak Silat an Indonesian martial art ?	yes
Who has its own political legislature and governor ?	each province
Is it the world 's fourth most populous country and the most populous muslim-majority nation?	yes
What Eves?	NULL
Who was, by later reports of his contemporaries, thoroughly unhappy with the work?	NULL
Is it true that he acquired a circle of admirers?	NULL
What did Isaac Newton place at 3 April, AD 33, which agrees with one traditionally accepted date?	NULL
Was Newton born three months after the death of his father?	NULL
What was against William?	NULL
NOTTTT  FOUND	NULL
	NULL
Are Various trees claimed to be " the " apple tree which Newton describes ?	NULL
Was this study cast into doubt when it was later found that Newton himself wrote the study 's concluding remarks on Leibniz ?	NULL
Does # Newton not  Third Law states that for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction ?	NULL
What happened from school?	NULL
Is James Monrow the fifth president of US?	Yes
What is the first word on the page?	James
What is the first number on the page?	28
When did Monroe's presidency expired?	March 4, 1825
What is Monroe's father's name?	Spence
What is Monroe's daughter's name?	Maria Hester Monroe Gouverneur
What does "Era of Good Feelings" refers to?	Reduced tension
Did Monroe' wedding happen at the Trinity Church in New York?	Yes
What is Monroe Doctrine?	A doctrine declaring U.S. opposition to European interference in the Americas.
Was James Monroe President of the United States?	yes
Did James Monroe attend the College of William and Mary?	yes
Did James Monroe fight in the Continental Army?	yes
Where was James Monroe born?	Westmoreland County, Virginia
Where was James Monroe shot?	at the Battle of Trenton, in his left shoulder
Who did James Monroe marry?	Elizabeth Kortright
What did James Monroe do before being elected governor?	He practiced law in Virginia.
In which years were John Monroe elected as President?	1817-1825
Who was John Monroe standing behind in the painting of  Washington Crossing the Delaware?	George Washington
When was James Monroe appointed to Secretary of War?	1814
When did James Monroe die?	July 4, 1831
When did James Monroe graduate from William and Mary?	1776
When was James Monroe elected president?	Monroe was elected president in the election of 1816, and re-elected in 1820.
Which property did James Monroe sell in 1817?	Monroe Hill on the grounds of the University of Virginia.
When did James Monroe introduce the Monroe Doctrine?	December 2, 1823
Who did James Monroe live with in New York City?	His daughter Maria Hester Monroe Gouverneur
What did James Monroe's letters not contain?	No letters survive in which he might have discussed his religious beliefs.
What was the result of the rejection of the Jay Treaty?	As a result, the two nations moved closer toward the War of 1812. 
Who is depicted holding the flag in the famous painting of Washington Crossing the Delaware?	Monroe
Is it true that he practiced law in fredericksburg?	yes
Was Monroe anticlerical?	no
What expired on March?	Monroe's presidency
Who dismantled partisan and sectional coalitions ?	many congressmen
What happened in 1811?	Monroe returned to the Virginia House of Delegates and was elected to another term as governor of Virginia
Who died in childbirth in 1772?	Margaret Miller
Is watt commemorated by statuary in George Square, Glasgow and Princes Street, Edinburgh?	Yes.
Was watt a fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and the Royal Society of London?	Yes.
Was Watt ranked 22nd in Michael H. Hart 's list of the most influential figures in history ?	Yes.
Did John Adams represent the Continental Congress in Europe?	yes
Was Adams raised Congregationalist?	yes
Was Adams an opponent of the Stamp Act?	yes
When did Adams graduate from college?	1755
Who was on the committee with Adams to draft  a Declaration of Independence?	Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, Robert R. Livingston and Roger Sherman
What did Jefferson call John Adams?	Colossus of Independence
What was Adams' political party?	Federalist
Was Adams the first to introduce a bicameral legislature?	yes
Did John Adams get along with Alexander Hamilton?	no
Did John Adams go to Harvard? 	Yes
Did John Adams support the Stamp Act of 1765?	No
Is Adams' birthplace part of a national park?	Yes
When did John Adams serve as Vice President?	1789-1797
With what party did Adams run for presidency?	The Federalist Party
Where is Adams buried?	United First Parish Church
Who were the midnight judges?	They were judges formally appointed days before Adams term expired
What information did he record in his diary?	Descriptions of events and ompressions of men
Who was defeated for re-election in the`` Revolution of 1800'' by Thomas Jefferson?	John Adams
What is now part of Adams National Historical Park?	John Adams' birthplace
Is it true that massachuS08_setts sent him in 1774?	yes
Are his last words often quoted as " Thomas Jefferson survives " . ?	yes
Adams ' opponents were what?	Democratic Republicans
What happened in 1764?	Adams married Abigail Smith
Is a kangaroo a reptile?	No
Is a kangaroo on the Australian coat of arms?	Yes
Was James Cook the first to record the name "Kangooroo?"	Yes
What is a collective noun for kangaroos?	Mob, troop, or court
Where do joeys complete postnatal development?	A pouch called a marsupium
What do kangaroos use for "crawl-walking?"	Their hind feet and their tails
Why do kangaroos have a wide bite?	Because of grazing
What is responsible for converting the hydrogen byproduct of fermentation into acetate?	The digestive system of a kangaroo
Are wild kangaroos shot for meat?	Yes
Have kangaroos fared well since European S08_settlement?	Yes
Do kangaroos have many natural predators?	No
What is the average life expectancy of a kangaroo?	about 4.6 years
When did the first official report of kangaroo blindness take place?	1994
What are vehicles that frequent isolated roads often fitted with?	"roo bars"
Do kangaroos eat plants?	Yes
What are some extinct predators of the kangaroo?	The Thylacine
Is a Kangaroo a Marsupial?	Yes
Is the kangaroo an herbivour?	Yes
Are Kangaroos Shy?	Yes
What method of locomotion do Kangaroos Use?	hopping
What is the average life expectancy of a kangaroo?	4 to 6 years
What is a collective noun for a kangaroo?	a mob, troop, or court
What is a roo?	a kangaroo
What is used to protect a vehicale from a Kangaroo?	roo bars
What method is used by Kangaroos to travel?	hopping
What are four species that are commonly referred to as kangaroos?	The Red Kangaroo, The Eastern Grey Kangaroo, The Western Grey Kangaroo, and The Antilopine Kangaroo
Are kangaroos farmed to any extent?	No.
Different species of kangaroos eat what?	different diets
Is a collision with a vehicle capable of killing a kangaroo ?	yes
Have kangaroos large , powerful hind legs , large feet adapted for leaping , a long muscular tail for balance , and a small head ?	yes
What kinds of changes have larger kangaroos adapted much better to?	Changes wrought to the Australian landscape by humans.
Is the leopard smaller than the other members of Panthera?	yes
Is a leopard larger and less lanky than a cheetah?	yes
Are large pythons potential prey for leopards?	yes
What may a leopard be mistaken for?	A cheetah or a jaguar
What is a hybrid animal resulting from a union between a leopard and a puma?	a pumapard
Where do leopards often hide their kills?	in dense vegetation
How did early naturalists distinguish between leopards and panthers?	by the length of their tails
What are dark leopards known as colloquially?	Black Panthers
What shape are a leopard's black roS08_settes in East Africa?	circular
Is the leopard an Old World mammal?	yes
Is the leopard an Old World mammal?	.
Is the leopard of the Felidae family?	yes
Is the leopard one of the four 'big cats'?	yes
Is the leopard one of the four 'big cats'?	NULL
Where is the leopard distributed?	southern Eurasia and Africa, from Korea to South Africa and Spain
How long is a leopard's tail?	60 to 110cm
How long is a leopard's tail?	NULL
How much does a leopard weigh?	(because of ambiguity) - 28-90kg 
Does a male leopard weigh more than a female leopard?	yes
Does a male leopard weigh more than a female leopard?	NULL
What is the difference between leopards and cheetahs?	The leopard has roS08_settes rather than cheetah's simple spots, but they lack internal spots, unlike the jaguar. The leopard is larger and less lanky than the cheetah but smaller than the jaguar.
How does the distribution size of the leopard compare to the distribution of other wild cats?	As of 1996, the leopard had the largest distribution of any wild cat, although populations before and since have shown a declining trend and are fragmented outside of subsaharan Africa.
How does the distribution size of the leopard compare to the distribution of other wild cats?	NULL
What was one of the many species described in Linnaeus's 18th-century work, Systema Naturae?	Felis pardus
Are leopards circular?	No
What centred in Sierra?	The leopard men
Has the New Zealand Rugby League featured the Otahuhu Leopards and then the Tamaki Leopards ?	Yes
Was the leopard tank a German designed tank which entered service in 1965 ?	Yes
Is the leopard -LRB- panthera pardus -RRB- an old world mammal of the felidae family and the smallest of the four (`` ` big cats ('' ' of the genus panthera , along with the tiger , lion , and jaguar?	Yes
Is the leopard an agile and graceful predator?	Yes
Is Liechtenstein bordered by Switzerland?	Yes
Is Liechtenstein the smallest German-speaking country in the world?	Yes
Was Liechtenstein part of the ancient Roman province of Raetia?	Yes
When was the first factory opened?	1836
How many municipalities is Liechtenstein divided into?	11
What is the national currency of Liechtenstein?	Swiss franc
What company administers Leichtenstein's railways?	Austrian Federal Railways
What percentage of Liechtenstein's population is foreign-born?	two-thirds
Is there an airport in Liechtenstein?	No.
Is Liechtenstein heavily urbanized?	No.
Is Liechtenstein doubly landlocked?	Yes.
Does Liechtenstein have an army?	No.
When was Liechtenstein's current constitution adopted?	October 1921.
What is the official language of Liechtenstein?	German.
What countries border Liechtenstein?	Switzerland and Austria.
What Roman province was Liechtenstein part of?	Raetia.
How many municipalities are within Oberland?	6.
What is the smallest German-speaking country in the world?	Liechtenstein
What enjoys one of the world's highest standards of living?	Liechtenstein's population
What do most recognizable international company and largest employer have in common?	They are Hilti.
Was Liechtenstein completed in November 2000?	No
The State Court rules what?	on the conformity of laws with the constitution
Is the museum collection also the national art collection of Liechtenstein ?	Yes
Are nationals referred to by the plural : Liechtensteiners ?	Yes
Is it a winter sports resort?	Yes
What happened in moravia , lower austria , silesia , and styria , though in all cases , these territories were held in fief under other more senior feudal lords?	The Liechtenstein Dynasty acquired vast swaths of land
Did Webster write, "I can now sleep of nights"?	Yes
Was the arrival of Louis Kossuth (exiled leader of a failed Hungarian revolution) another issue that presented itself during Fillmore's presidency?	Yes
Did he die at 11:10 p.m. on March 8, 1874, of the after-effects of a stroke?	yes
Who got Seward elected to the senate?	Weed ultimately got Seward elected to the senate
Where was Commodore Matthew C. Perry sent to open Japan to Western trade?	Commodore Matthew C. Perry send to Japan
What is The Remarkable Millard Fillmore?	In 2007, George Pendle wrote The Remarkable Millard Fillmore, a fake biography based on real events that happened in Fillmore's life
Did Fillmore form a law partnership before or after he founded the private University of Buffalo?	Law partnership founded before University of Buffalo
Did Fillmore run for President a second time?	I don't know (semantic ambiguity)
Was Millard Fillmore the thirteenth President of the United States?	yes
Was Millard Fillmore the thirteenth President of the United States?	NULL
Was Millard Fillmore born on January 7, 1800?	yes
Did Millard Fillmore die on March 8, 1974?	no
Did Millard Fillmore die on March 8, 1974?	NULL
Where was Millard Fillmore born?	in a log cabin in Summerhill, New York
To whom was Millard Fillmore born to?	to Nathaniel and Phoebe Millard Fillmore
To whom was Millard Fillmore born to?	NULL
Who did Millard Fillmore fall in love with?	Abigail Powers
What did Taylor and Fillmore disagree upon?	slavory issues
What did Taylor and Fillmore disagree upon?	NULL
How did Fillmore ascend to the presidency?	Official White House portrait of Millard FillmoreFillmore ascended to the presidency upon the sudden and unexpected death of President Taylor in July 1850.
How did the supporters of Henry Clay feel about Fillmore in 1848?	they were ok with him
How did the supporters of Henry Clay feel about Fillmore in 1848?	NULL
He founded the private university of buffalo on what date?	1846
Was Fillmore one of the founders of the University of Buffalo?	yes
Was Fillmore the second Chancellor, a position he maintained while both Vice President and President?	no
Is the comic strip Mallard Fillmore named after the president ?	yes
Did Fillmore not turn down the honor , explaining that he had neither the `` literary nor scientific attainment '' to justify the degree ?	no
Who was born precisely at midnight during an electrical storm , to a Serbian family in the village of Smiljan near Gospić , in the Lika region of the Croatian Krajina in Military Frontier ( part of the Austrian Empire ) , in the present-day Croatia . ?	Nikola Tesla
Have a number of live theatrical plays based on Tesla 's life been produced and staged worldwide ?	yes.
Do sea otters have long muscular tails?	No
Can otters survive in cold water?	Yes
Does the giant otter inhabit South Africa?	No
How many species of otter are there?	13
What do river otters eat?	a variety of fish and shellfish, as well as small land mammals and birds
How much do sea otters weigh?	30 kg (about 65 pounds)
How do sea otters insulate themselves?	As with other species of otter, they rely on a layer of air trapped in their fur, which they keep topped up by blowing into the fur from their mouths.
Why are sea otters nearly extinct?	Sea otters have some 200,000 hairs per square cm of skin, a rich fur for which humans hunted them
What is one of the challenges of re-establishing a population of Eurasian otters in the UK?	Roadkill deaths have become one of the significant threats to the success of their re-establishment. 
Is otter a kind of mammal?	Yes.
How many species and genera does otter have?	13 species in 7 genera.
Do otters live in water?	Yes.
What do river otters eat?	River otters eat a variety of fish and shellfish, as well as small land mammals and birds.
Where do sea otters live?	The sea otter lives actually in the sea. 
Where does the word "otter" derive from?	The word "otter" derives from the Old English word otr, otor or oter. This and cognate words in other Indo-European languages ultimately stem from a root which also gave rise to the English words "water", "wet" and "winter". 
What drives sea otter almost to extinction?	Humans hunted them almost to extinction. 
Why otters are considered as totem animals?	The time of year associated with this is also associated with the Aquarius sign of the Zodiac, through which the sun passes January 20-February 19. 
Do sea otters live along the Pacific coast?	Yes
Are otters herbivores?	No
What is the primary item in an otter's diet?	Fish.
What is an otter's den called?	Holt
Why is the giant otter becoming increasingly rare?	Poaching, habitat loss, and toxins in gold mining.  
How do otters keep themselves warm without blubber?	A layer of air trapped in their fur.  
How are otters playful animals?	The slide down snowy slopes, apparently for sheer enjoyment.  
What animals are related to otters?	weasels, polecats, and badgers
The collective noun romp is sometimes used for a group of what?	Otters
Are otters playful animals?	yes
Are male otters dog-otters?	yes
Sea otters eat what?	Shellfish and other invertebrates
Are Male otters dog-otters , females are bitches and babies are cubs or pups ?	yes
Have most otters fish as the primary item in their diet , supplemented by frogs , crayfish and crabs ?	yes
Do penguins feed on krill?	yes
What is the largest living species of penguin?	the Emperor Penguin (Aptenodytes forsteri)
Do penguins live almost exclusively in the Southern Hemisphere?	yes
What is "tobogganing"?	Tobogganing is when penguins slide on their bellies across the snow.
Why are penguins countershaded?	for camouflage
Are penguins afraid of humans?	no
How much time to penguins spend on land?	They spend half of their life on land.
How many species of penguins are there?	Penguin biodiversity varies between 17 and 20 living species, all in the subfamily Spheniscinae.
How are Isabelline penguins different from most penguins?	Because they are born with brown rather than black plumage.
Are penguins birds?	Yes
Do penguins have a better than average sense of hearing for birds?	No
Are penguins considered "higher waterbirds"?	Yes
What order do penguins belong to?	Sphenisciformes
What is the largest living species of penguin?	Emperor
How tall were the tallest prehistoric penguins?	as tall as an adult human
What makes penguins so agile in the water?	Smooth plumage preserves a layer of air, ensuring buoyancy, wings are flippers
Why do penguins "tobaggan"?	Conserves energy while moving quickly
What is also the distance that Antarctic tourists are told to keep from penguins?	3 meters
What happens when mothers lose a chick?	They sometimes attempt to "steal" another chick.
Are all penguins countershaded?	Yes
Are penguins at risk?	Yes
Have penguins an average sense of hearing for birds ?	Yes
Is the smallest penguin species the Little Blue Penguin -LRB- also known as the Fairy Penguin -RRB- , which stands around 40 cm tall -LRB- 16 in -RRB- and weighs 1 kg -LRB- 2.2 lb -RRB- ?	Yes
Is the largest living species the emperor penguin -LRB- aptenodytes forsteri -RRB-?	Yes
What happened in a region not quite 2000 km south of the equator 35 mya?	At least one giant penguin.
What is the last word on the page?	(SSN-22)
Is polar bear a mammal?	Yes
Is polar bear a carnivore?	Yes
What is largest polar bear on record?	A huge male, allegedly weighing 1002 kg (2200 lb) shot at Kotzebue Sound in northwestern Alaska in 1960.
What is polar bear's skin color?	Black
How long is polar bear's guard hair?	5-15 cm
What is cause of polar bear's skin diseases?	Mites or other parasites
What do fossil and DNA evidence tell us?	The polar bear diverged from the brown bear about 200 thousand years ago.
Does a polar bear live in the Arctic?	yes
Is a polar bear white in color?	yes
Is a polar bear at high risk of extinction?	yes
How heavy is a male polar bear?	300-600 kg (660-1320 lb)
How heavy was the largest polar bear on record?	1002 kg (2200 lb) 
What does a polar bear's fur provide?	It provides the animal with effective camouflage.
Do female polar bears weight more than the male?	no
How much weight do female polar bears gain during pregnancy?	They gain double their weight.
Can polar bears be seen under infrared photography?	Polar bears are nearly invisible under infrared photography.
What is actually black in color?	A polar bear's skin.
What includes a lengthy justification of why this species is listed as vulnerable?	Database entry.
Are studies insufficient evidence for global protection?	It is arguable.
A semi-aquatic marine mammal , the polar bear has what?	It has adapted for life on a combination of land, sea, and ice.
The bears sometimes what?	They sometimes have problems with various skin diseases with dermatitis caused sometimes by mites or other parasites.
Have thumbpolar bears been made both controversial and famous for their distinctive white fur and their habitat ?	yes
Are Cubs born in December without awakening the mother ?	yes
Does Qatar rank as the eighth richest country in the world per capita?	no
Do nearly all Qataris profess Islam?	yes
Can women legally drive in Qatar?	yes
When did Qatar become an independent state?	September 3, 1971
Where is Qatar's telecommunication system centered?	Doha
Where did a suicide-bombing kill a teacher in 2005?	Doha Players Theatre
Does the native pronunciation of Qatar sound like 'cutter'?	no
What is the Arabic word for municipalities?	baladiyah
What universities are in Education City?	Carnegie Mellon University, Georgetown University School of Foreign Service, Texas A&M University, Virginia Commonwealth University, and Cornell University
Qatar became an independent sovereign state in what year?	On September 3, 1971.
How do qatar and the wider region relate?	Qatar is aiming to become a role model for economic and social transformation in the region. Large scale investment in all social and economic sectors will also lead to the development of a strong financial market.
Is Qatar bordered by Saudi Arabia to the south?	Yes
Who served as the headquarters and one of the main launching sites of the US invasion of Iraq in 2003 ?	Qatar.
Was Qatar University founded in 1973 ?	Yes
Will oil and gas probably remain the backbone of Qatar 's economy for some time to come ?	Yes
What happened in these positions in english?	These allophones cannot occur there.
Is -RRB- , officially the state of qatar -LRB- arabic (: : transliterated as dawlat qatar -RRB- , an arab emirate in southwest asia?	Yes
Does Romania border Hungary?	yes
Is Romania a secular state?	yes
Is the president elected by popular vote?	yes
How many counties is Romania divided into?	forty-one
What is the highest mountain in Romania?	Moldoveanu Peak
What is the official language of Romania?	Romanian
Are there many Roma in Romania?	No.
How many territories joined to form Romania?	2.
Does Romania share a border with Ukraine?	yes
Did Romania declare neutrality during World War I?	yes
Does Romania share the same language with Moldova?	yes
Who was the first gymnast to score a perfect "ten"?	Nadia Comăneci
What is the largest city in Romania?	Bucharest
What is the largest ethnic minority in Romania?	Hungarians
How many countries in Europe are bigger than Romania?  	eleven
Why doesn't Romania have a state religion?  	Romania is a secular state
Why wasn't Romania neutral during World War II?	The Soviets threatened invasion.
What are approximately 42,000 years old and have been nicknamed`` John of Anina''?	the remains (the lower jaw) of the oldest modern human
What do economy and law have in common?	(not sure how to answer this)
Is Romania a secular state?	Yes
	NULL
Is Romania a semi-presidential democratic republic where executive functions are shared between the president and the prime minister ?	Yes
Was the Bucharest Metro only opened in 1979 ?	Yes
Is romania a semi-presidential unitary state?	Yes
Do singaporeans enjoy squid?	yes
Did Singapore's standard of living decrease since independence?	No, the standard living was raised.
Did Singapore's standard of living decrease since independence?	NULL
Did the media contribute 15.6% to Singapore's GDP in 2001?	no
How many people use the bus network daily?	More than 2.78 million people.
How many people use the bus network daily?	NULL
Where did Orang Laut people live?	Several hundred indigenous Orang Laut people also lived around the coast, rivers and smaller islands.
What is the MRT?	One of three heavy rail passenger transport lines in Singapore.
What is the MRT?	NULL
How is Singapore's climate characterized?	Its climate is characterized by uniform temperature and pressure, high humidity, and abundant rainfall
How much increase in the media's contribution to GDP is the government seeking?	The government seeks to increase its GDP contribution to 3% by 2012. 
How much increase in the media's contribution to GDP is the government seeking?	NULL
How many days did it take the Imperial Japanese Army to win the Battle of Singapore?	6 days
Is Singapore located at the southern tip of the Korean Penisula?	no
Is Singapore a city-state?	yes
Has Sang Nila Utama visited Singapore?	yes
What does "singa" mean?	lion
When is the first record of S08_settlement in Singapore?	The first records of S08_settlement in Singapore are from the second century AD.
Which nation invaded Singapore during World War II?	During World War II, the Imperial Japanese Army invaded Malaya, culminating in the Battle of Singapore.
Was Lee Kuan Yew a successful leader of Singapore?	yes
When did Goh Chok Tong succeed Lee as Prime Minister?	In 1990, Goh Chok Tong succeeded Lee as Prime Minister.
What is the primary domestic source of water supply?	The primary domestic source of water supply in Singapore is rainfall.
What is the national language of Singapore?	The national language of Singapore is Malay.
Where is the National Orchid Garden?	Singapore Botanic Gardens.
Why are relations with Malaysia and Indonesia important?	Due to obvious geographical reasons, relations with Malaysia and Indonesia are most important.
What is the most densely populated independent country in the world?	Monaco
Who did Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles work for?	British East India Company
When was Lee Kuan Yew prime minister of Singapore?	1959
What is the punishment for first-degree murder?	There are laws which allow capital punishment in Singapore for first-degree murder and drug trafficking.
What established a trading post on the island in 1819?	British East India Company 
What became one of the most important commercial and military centres of the British Empire?	Singapore
How do reservoirs and water relate?	By 2001, there were 19 raw water reservoirs, 9 treatment works and 14 storage or service reservoirs locally to serve domestic needs. 
Has Singapore Changi Airport a network of 81 airlines connecting Singapore to 185 cities in 58 countries ?	Yes
Has Urbanization eliminated many areas of former primary rainforest , with the only remaining area of primary rainforest being Bukit Timah Nature Reserve ?	Yes
Is singapore -LRB- ; (: ; , -RRB- , officially the republic of singapore -LRB- ; (: ; , -RRB- , an island nation located at the southern tip of the malay peninsula?	Yes
Was Thedore Roosevelt  a member of the Republican Party?	Yes
Does Theodore Roosevelt have a brother?	Yes
Did Theodore Roosevelt go to Harvard?	Yes
Where was Theodore Roosevelt born?	28 East 20th Street in the modern-day Gramercy section of New York City
What did Roosevelt do to improve his physical condition?	Roosevelt took up exercise
Why did Roosevelt start Boxing lessons?	To deal with bullies
What was the nickname of Theodore Roosevelt's sister Anna?	Bamie as a child and Bye as an adult
What was Roosevelt's justification for supporting desegregation of schools in New York?	Noting that his children had been educated with other races and there was nothing wrong with it
How did newspapers respond to Roosevelt inviting Brooker T. Washington to dinner at the White House?	"mixing of the races on social occassions"
Did Theodore Roosevelt study Judo?	No
Did Roosevelt receive a Medal of Honor?	yes
Did Roosevelt study biology?	yes
Where was Theodore Roosevelt from?	Gramercy section of New York City
Who was Roosevelt's presidential hero?	Lincoln was Roosevelt's presidential hero.
When did Roosevelt die?	On January 6, 1919, Roosevelt died in his sleep.
Who helped to fund Roosevelt's African safari?	Financed by Andrew Carnegie and his own proposed writings
Did Roosevelt support racial integration in schools?	yes
Was Roosevelt's family rich?	yes
Are turtles ectothermic?	Yes
Does the mother care for the young?	No
Are turtles pets?	Yes
What shape are the eggs of the larest species of turtle?	Spherical
How often do turtles breed?	Every few years or more
What do all turtles and tortoises breathe?	air
How do turtles reproduce?	they lay eggs
What has been discovered about turtles organs?	they do not break down
What suborder of turtle draws its head into its shell?	Pleurodira
Do sea turtles lay eggs on dry sandy beaches?	yes
Are Pleurodira known as side-necked turtles?	yes
How many suborders are turtles divided into?	Three.
Name a turtle popularly kept as a pet.	Russian Tortoises
Name four related articles for the article on turtles.	Triassic, Ernst Haeckel, Kunstformen der Natur, Animal
If a turtle egg was kept warm, what would likely hatch?	A female turtle.
What do turles use to breathe in the water?	Papillae
Why are side-necked turtles called side-necked turtles?	The way they withdraw their heads into their shells.
Do turtles lay eggs underwater?	no
Are turtle eggs leathery and soft?	yes
Are turtles being examined for longevity genes?	yes
What suborder of turtles is extinct?	Paracryptodira
Where do sea turtles lay their eggs?	Holes Dug into the Mud or Sand
What is the smallest suborder of turtles?	Pleurodira
What are turtle eggs covered in when they incubate?	Mud or Sand
What type of creatures breathe air and don't lay eggs underwater?	Amniotes
What are deposited in holes dug into mud or sand?	eggs
Are turtles ectothermic?	yes
Is aquatic respiration in Australian freshwater turtles being studied?	yes
The eggs of the largest species are what?	spherical
Can turtles take many years to reach breeding age ?	yes
Are the Pleurodira sometimes known as the side-necked turtles , a reference to the way they withdraw their heads into their shells ?	yes
Was Ulysses Grant a general in the American Civil War?	Yes
Was Grant's father-in-law a Democrat?	Yes
Did Ulysses win the Battle of Champion Hill?	Yes
Who was Grant's brother in law?	Fred Dent
Where was Grant born?	Point Pleasant, Ohio
What was Grant's political affiliation?	Republican
Why did Grant say "Damn, I had nothing to do with this batte."?	It went well.
Did Horace Greenley lose in the presidential elections of 1872?	Yes
Why did Grant think that war was unjust?	He thought it was designed to gain land open to slavery.
Who achieved international fame as the leading Union general in the American Civil War?	Grant
Who took a hard line that reduced violence by groups like the Ku Klux Klan?	Grant
Who did President Lincoln promote of major general in the regular army, effective July 4?	Grant
What was from Pennsylvania?	His father
Was Grant 's favorite brand of bourbon whiskey Old Crow ?	yes
Did Grant & Perkins not sell harnesses , saddles , and other leather goods and purchase hides from farmers in the prosperous Galena area ?	they did
What happened in 1865?	he accepted the surrender of Robert E. Lee
Is Uruguay located in the northwesten part of Africa?	No.
Is Uruguay's capital Montevideo?	Yes.
Does Uruguay have cold summers?	No.
Who founded Montevideo?	The Spanish.
Where is Uruguay's oldest church?	San Carlos, Maldonado.
Who heavily influenced the architecture and culture of Montevideo?	European immigrants.
What are poor neighborhoods called informally?	Cantegriles.
Is uruguay's landscape mountainous?	No.
What religion do most Uruguayans profess?	None.
Is Uruguay located in South America?	Yes. It's located in the southeastern part
Can citizens propose changes to the Constitution?	Yes. People are allowed to challenge laws.
Did Uruguay host the first ever World Cup?	Yes, in 1930.
Who founded Montevideo?	By the Spanish, in the early 18th century
How many square kilometres of continental land is Uruguay?	176.215 km   
How much of the population is of white European descent?	88%
Why was the capital of Uruguay founded?	For a military stronghold.
How many times has Uruguay won the World Cup?	Twice. 
How much is the average income of an African woman compared to a European man?	African women earns 0.65 * 0.718  = 46.67% of a European man earns in average
Does Uruguay recognize same-sex civil unions?	Yes
Does Uruguay border French Guiana?	No
Is Uruguay's warmest month June?	No
What does a citizen use to propose changes to the Constitution?	Plebiscite
Where is Uruguay's oldest church?	San Carlos, Maldonado
What religions are found in Uruguay?	Roman Catholic, Protestant, Jewish
What has Uruguay done to be competitive in agriculture?	Use low inputs of labour, technology, and capital, which results in lower yields but also opens the door for Uruguay to market its products as "natural" or "ecological"
What are the names of Uruguay's political parties?	Partido Blanco and Partido Colorado
Is Uruguay the smallest soverign nation in South America?	No
What has many possible meanings?	(What?)
What did Uruguay win in 1828?	Its independence
Is The climate in Uruguay temperate?	Yes
Is Uruguay 's oldest church in San Carlos , Maldonado ?	Yes
Is it widely considered the most secular nation in Latin America ?	Yes
Is it a constitutional democracy , where the president fulfills the roles of both head of state and head of government?	Yes
Was Woodrow Wilson the thirtieth President of the United States?	No
Did Woodrow Wilson create the League of Nations?	Yes
Did the U.S. join the League of Nations?	No
Where was the League of Nations created?	Paris
When was Woodrow Wilson born?	December 28, 1856
Who was President when Wilson finished Congressional Government?	Grover Cleveland
What field did Woodrow Wilson leave law practice to study?	Government
What caused Wilson to ask Congress to declare war on the Central Powers?	World War I
Was Wilson a member of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity?	yes
Was Wilson an automobile enthusiast?	yes
Did Wilson's father own slaves?	yes
Where is Wilson buried?	He was buried in Washington National Cathedral
Where did Wilson attend law school?	Wilson attended law school at University of Virginia
Where was Woodrow Wilson born?	Woodrow Wilson was born in Staunton, Virginia
Did Wilson support desegregation?	no
Did Wilson support the committee system?	no
Did Wilson have any siblings?	yes
What was Scots-Irish and Scottish?	His ancestry
Who did Wilson win in 1917?	Irish Americans
Was Wilson a remarkably effective writer and thinker?	Yes
Was Wilson president of the American Political Science Association in 1910 ?	Yes
Did Wilson not spend 1914 through the beginning of 1917 trying to keep America out of the war in Europe ?	Yes
What happened in 1917?	raised billions through Liberty loans, imposed an income tax, S08_set up the War Industries Board, promoted labor union growth, supervised agriculture and food production through the Lever Act, took over control of the railroads, and suppressed anti-war movements
